modifying the bug template (#10950)
pkp/pkp-lib: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/dev-task.md

---

> name: (internal) Dev task report

Reviewer: ```suggestion
name: (Internal) Dev task report
```

> about: (Internal Use only) File a dev task report in OJS, OMP or OPS. Try our [Software Support forum](https://forum.pkp.sfu.ca/c/questions/5) if the issue requires more investigation or cannot be immediately resolved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about: For internal use only. File a dev task report in OJS, OMP or OPS.
```

title: ''
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

**Description:**

> - Include specific context details that have been discovered that surrounds this developer task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Include specific context details that have been discovered that surround this developer task.
```

- Link related tickets

**Steps to test the changes:**

> These steps can include user interatactions, backend DB queries and api requests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These steps can include user interactions, database queries and API requests
```

1. Using the site '...' 
2. Click on '....'
3. Using a DB query '...'
4. This table should have '...'
4. POST Request '...'
5. Should return '...'

> **Solution:** What is the proposed solutions are and additional affected areas

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Solution:** What the proposed solutions are and additional affected areas
```
